
TODO:
    4.4 food for thought:
        - Could slotted actions be used somehow? Does any import or clean-up code need tweaking?
            - Yes, they say action.fcurves will be nuked in 5.0 https://developer.blender.org/docs/release_notes/4.4/python_api/#deprecated
        - Should we Tris to Quads anything, or just come up with an operator that finds the best settings (least remaining triangles)?
        - New Glare compositing node, should check if we can make it look better.
        - Check the asset browser's ability to sort by catalog, sounds useful for showcasing it and should probably be set in the files.
        - Set my startup file to export to h.265?

    Linkle (separate upload)
    Zelda (separate upload)
    Mipha (separate upload)
    Girly animations?

    Make sure to include all terrain textures.
    It would be wise to split it up into more files so people can better choose what they want to download and what they don't. (eg. a file for all foliage, one for all ruins, etc) But more scope.

    There's a bug in the image cropping if the image starts with a bunch of empty rows, idk.

Things to do with final cleanup script or manual:
    It looks like a bunch of animations don't have properly groupped fcurves (see Goron Child: Common_Sleep)
        Could probably remove keyframes at frame -1
        Could probably remove keyframes on default values if the entire fcurve is keyed at that value
        Set keyframe handle types to Automatic


    Should really add per-object and/or per-material shading controls (expose more sockets or add more Attribute nodes or both) for the rimlights especially.
    Make all asset collections hide_viewport=False
    Clean up custom properties like those from cloudrig, idk why they even exist? maybe it's only on the smubin stuff.
    Hide InsideMat objects from viewport and render, and remove material or assign an Invisible material.
    Crop asset thumbnails with the operator.
    Could check for cases where a material uses an incomplete textureset (not as many of Alb, Spm, Nrm are used as exist)
    Make sure all armatures have a "Root" bone. Probably even those that won't have any animations.
        Would be nice to assign a widget to these as well.
    Make sure resources.blend is linked from the same directory and with a relative path.
    Make sure lighting set-up is good, since we cut overall cel shaded lighting strength by 2/3rds
    Check for any image nodes with no image.

    Try to remove "A", "B" and numbers from asset names.
    Remove pointless "_Model" from obnames.
    Rename obdatas to obname
    Make sure any object that has "Inside_Mat" in the name is very very disabled and hidden, and maybe even has no material or assign an Invisible material.
    Rename materials to the albedo name with _Alb ending (if there is an albedo texture ofc), and numbering if necessary.
        Materials using an SPM UV node but on objects whose meshes don't have an SPM UVMap need to insert a UV Fallback node.
        Remove unnecessary (dot) .001 material name endings.
        Remove any (underscore) "_###" regex match from material names.
        Replace "D L C  " with "DLC"
        Remove double spaces from object, collection, material names

    Make sure any uses of the Ancient Weapon Blade shader have the Alpha hooked up from the same node as the Fx Texture Distorted input rather than anything else.
    Make sure to apply transforms (first check if anything is un-applied and check if it's correct)
    Maybe remove 1-bone armatures
        Also remove Armature modifiers without a target.
    Re-ensure that active texture is most ideal; Albedo, or Emission, or SPM, or Normal.
    Could fairly easily de-duplicate SPM UVMap nodes
    Could try hashing pixel data to de-duplicate textures. Otherwise, compare their average color and if it falls within a threshold, list them out.
    Everything has this awful metallic viewport material from the fbx import... Could try setting to the average or median albedo pixel.
    Make sure armature bone positions are reset. Plenty of cases where they imported with pose data.
    Make sure SPM and Nrm textures are non-color and Alb are sRGB (although check first). Some Emm are sRGB and some aren't, so leave those alone.
    Nuke all text datablocks, or maybe add a ReadMe.


    Make UILayout consistent across all files, or at least files of the same type.
        Default workspaces
        Material Preview without overlays + solid view with overlays?
        Asset Browser with relevant category active.
        outliner, properties, action editor if necessary.


Things I had to fix/do manually:
    Asset previews and catalogs
    Korok materials since they're procedural in-game
    Barbarian set skin paint
    Some meshes imported with some pieces weirdly on the floor:
        Moblin Mask
        Zora children (and maybe adults too, I forget)
    For generic NPC meshes, set albedo tints for the materials.
    A lot of work on assembly of Hylian NPC heads.
    A lot of work on enemy materials, and setting up re-skins as separate assets with shared mesh data.
    For many of Link's animations, the facial animation was separate from the body, so I merged them. (Sometimes the same facial anim is used for multiple body anims, in this case I duplicated the face anim and merged into each body anim)
    Horse items' icons for some reason didn't extract from the game, so I grabbed them from the internet.
    Was later improved in import code:
        Decal materials needed their Blend mode set to Blended.
        Some animals had the wrong textures hooked up.
        Some eye materials that didn't get detected as eye materials.


Could be fun to make a leaves particle system using FlowerFallenLeavesAlb_Slice_0_.png etc

If I were to make map importing work:
    - Many interior/exterior spaces houses are made of two files, an exterior and an interior (furniture). I combined these by un-marking one as an asset, and placing it inside the other. For these cases, the missing asset should be ignored when setting up the map.
    - A small handful of assets I've deleted since they seemed like carbon copies (I'll try to keep track here, but there have been others):
        - TwnObj_Village_IchikaraLamp_A_06 -> TwnObj_Village_IchikaraLamp_A_01
        - TwnObj_Village_KorokTreeLeaf_LL_A_02 -> TwnObj_Village_KorokTreeLeaf_LL_A_01